I heard everything.
That prosecutor was saying that the accident...
that happened 16 years ago was your fault.
Why didn't you go back? What happened?
Answer me.
I mean,
is this true?
Why aren't you saying anything? Tell me.
Is everything he told you...
- the truth? - I...
If...
If what I did had caused the accident,
then yes,
I was the one who started everything.
So...
So it's all because of you...
that the accident had happened,
that my dad died,
and that I'm here...
in this state?
I'm sorry, Soo Chang.
Why...
Why are you sorry?
Why?
You didn't do this.
Tell me you didn't do this.
Say it!
You scumbag.
You could have just lied to me that it wasn't you.
We caught the person that falsely charged my dad,
and we also arrested a murderer together.
We did all that together.
What am I supposed to do now?
Gong Soo Chang.
You scum.
Detective Cha.
I heard they caught the culprit.
But why is Director Tak being testified?
Just wait a moment, Reporter Song.
Well, this is how it was supposed to end.
That's what my life is destined to be.
But I've come so far.
I...
I thought I wouldn't be lonely from now on.
The person that helped me...
was the person that had ruined my life.
Why did it have to be this way?
Jin Soo A is being interrogated on the other side.
She's the culprit of Kim Jong Doo and Jo Hang Joon's murders.
And also the attempted murder of Superintendent Ma.
But you'd know all this already.
We already checked the DNAs.
Well,
I don't know anything about that.
And you were with her just before you came here.
What's your relationship with her?
I've been supporting her ever since...
she was in the orphanage.
Does that have anything to do with the fact...
that she has been committing crimes?
So you admit to the fact that she has committed crimes.
You should...
ask her about that.
How's your wound?
I know that you can hear and speak. The orphanage director told me.
That's right. This is what you've been looking for.
You took the fake one. This is the real lighter.
I know that it isn't just a lighter,
and I have listened to the recording inside.
This is the reason why you killed Kim Jong Doo...
and Detective Jo Hang Joon, right?
And it was under Director Tak's orders.
Gosh, you can't do this.
- Move over. - We didn't force him here.
He agreed to the interrogation by himself.
This isn't illegal.
Detective Dokgo.
Reporter Song.
Why is Director Tak a witness...
to the culprit that killed Detective Jo Hang Joon?
That is...
Kim Jong Doo had threatened Director Tak.
And Detective Jo was investigating Kim Jong Doo's case.
Do you admit to the murder of these two people?
If you really don't wish to talk, you can just write it down.
But Gong Soo Chang...
Was it because you thought...
he was the son of the culprit who caused the accident?
Is that why you wanted vengeance?
So I get why you attacked him.
It was for your personal revenge.
Then how about Kim Jong Doo and Detective Jo?
Have you ever wondered...
why Director Tak was never involved in these murders?
Or why you had to be the one to kill them?
Did you order Jin Soo A to commit these murders?
You ordered Jin Soo A to kill...
Kim Jong Doo...
and our Hang Joon.
It seems like...
she hasn't given you any information.
If she had,
you wouldn't need to do this to me.
Don't.
Whom are you accusing of murder instigation?
This isn't going to be easy.
How's Soo A?
She's even refusing to write anything down.
With the way things are going, we might have to let Director Tak go.
Director Tak.
Ji An.
I heard everything. Why would you instigate a murder?
- There's been a misunderstanding. - Of course.
Those detectives are completely misled.
I'll see you later.
Director Tak.
The trash can is on the right side of the door.
That lighter is a fake one.
I'm sorry you went through so much trouble.
My partner is quick with his hands, so he switched them...
in Chairman Jo's room.
Please recycle.
I won't see you off. I'll probably see you again soon.
Reporter Song.
You said you had something to say to me.
I do too.
On the day my dad died,
he got a phone call, then said he suddenly had to do something...
before he came to see me.
So I looked for the last person he talked to.
It was you.
What? Me?
Oh Soo Cheol is your uncle, isn't he?
I just talked to him on the phone.
He said he thinks...
you used his phone during that time.
Do you remember the last thing you said to my dad?
The last phone call I had with Detective Song...
I do.
But I didn't say anything much. I just said...
I envy your daughter.
She has a detective like you for a dad.
Then what did he say?
I'll be a dad...
who isn't an embarrassment to my daughter.
That's what he said.
Ssong's dad was the corrupt detective who destroyed...
my dad's evidence of innocence.
Like Soo Chang said,
if he didn't turn in the recorder as evidence before,
then changed his mind at that time... and if...
he went to see the man who asked him to fabricate the evidence,
that means...
he changed his mind...
because of me.
Because of you?
And the last person...
that Detective Song went to see was...
Director Tak Jung Hwan.
No, he said he did not see him that day...
He told you before that the witness died, right?
Yes.
Kim Jong Doo was probably the witness.
Director Tak made someone kill Kim Jong Doo...
as well as Hang Joon.
The man who asked Chairman Jo of Star Group...
to falsely accuse your dad of being a corrupt officer...
and the last person...
that your dad met was...
Director Tak Jung Hwan.
That can't be right.
- Then are you saying... - Yes.
He killed someone 16 years ago.
That's...
probably Detective Song.
Are you sure you'll be okay?
I'm fine. Don't worry.
I asked him for a favor.
I asked the man who did that to my dad...
to help him get vindicated.
I asked him to do that.
I laughed and begged...
to my dad's murderer.
That's what I did, Detective Cha.
What am I going to do?
I'm so embarrassed, and I feel so bad for my dad.
Only if my dad...
decided to be an embarrassment to me,
he'd still be alive today.
You can see Soo Chang, right?
Do you know where he is?
Darn it.
He doesn't have much time left. Where did he go?
This place really hurts...
because you found out everything.
Something will happen, and it'll make you cry a lot.
But don't blame yourself too much.
Is this what you meant...
Everything began with you.
So you have to finish this too.
What do you mean?
Do you want to let that soul live?
Then...
give it to him.
Give it to him?
Give what?
You have to find the answer yourself.
- Hello? - This is Haneul Orphanage.
[VIU Ver] E31 Two Cops "Why Did it Have to Be This Way?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Cha Dong Tak.
You played with me.
Anyway, this means...
Dong Tak has that lighter.
I'll show him a very funny picture.
No.
What are you planning to do?
(Seoul Central Police Station)
Gong Soo Chang!
- Where have you... - Don't...
say anything for now.
I'm not here to forgive you.
I saw Director Tak getting released.
Don't let Ji An dig deeper into her dad's incident.
She might get hurt.
What do you mean?
So I followed him.
Cha Dong Tak. You played with me.
I'll show him a very funny picture.
He might be up to something again.
What should we do?
We need to persuade Soo A.
I got a call from the orphanage director today.
This is Haneul Orphanage.
I have a question for you.
Did Director Tak...
really make Soo A...
do those things?
Yes.
We need her to make a confession...
in order to arrest Director Tak.
I'm not sure if this will help you.
But in the past,
Soo A hurt one of the boys...
who had been bullying her.
He was much bigger than her,
but she hurt him very brutally.
And...
Director Tak saw her.
Soo A.
May I ask you to do this?
And after that day, he became interested in her.
Then he sent her to Japan...
and gave her a special education.
That's how he made a puppet that'd only listen to him.
I'll go alone from here.
Don't go anywhere.
You should eat.
A child who saw the world through twisted eyes.
A child who was angry at the world...
and had no one by her side.
I was like that too.
On the day of your parents' accident,
you lost your whole world in one second.
My parents died because of me.
I thought I'd go crazy.
My best option was to go against the world.
That was my solution.
But then,
I met a man who told me that was wrong.
He told me I was wrong and that I had to start over.
If you had met such a person,
then you could've changed too.
What was Tak Jung Hwan like to you?
You don't have to answer.
The confession that he told you to commit murder.
That is the answer.
It's your choice.
And...
there's one thing you're wrong about.
Gong Soo Chang.
He's a victim just like you.
Do you know Doo Sik's dead?
Do you know that he liked you?
I'm pretty sure that he didn't...
take the fall...
just so that you could sit in here like this.
Whom and what for...
are you keeping so quiet?
Dong Tak.
I don't think Jin Soo A's going to talk.
Forget all that.
Director Tak...
Children, do you remember our promise?
- Yes! - Yes!
When a stranger offers to buy you a snack...
or take you somewhere, what do you do?
- Say no. - Say no.
If that happens, go tell your mom and dad straight away.
This is unusual for a soon-to-be minister.
These children...
are the law, justice,
and our future.
This is a special opportunity for me to remember why...
I got into law in the first place.
I'm Reporter Song Ji An from NBC.
A suspect in a murder case...
turned out to be an orphan you sponsored.
Are you...
involved in those murders?
- What? - What's that about?
- What's going on? - I don't know.
How odd.
That pretty lady standing there...
seems to have...
a serious misunderstanding about me.
She thinks I asked someone...
to hit someone else for me.
Did you really?
Would I do that?
My wife told me that...
we should play fair and square all the time.
Or the police will arrest us.
Goodness, you're such a smart kid.
You're so smart. You're so clever.
Yes.
In front of this smart child,
I will tell the truth.
In two days,
I will take a very public position.
In order to make sure that...
such rumors do not hurt me,
I shall be honest...
in all my endeavors and efforts.
Director of Prosecutors Tak Jung Hwan
who was named candidate for Minister of Justice...
took a strong stance against...
the rumors surrounding him.
He visited a kindergarten two days before his appointment...
and announced he would be honest and rigid in his endeavors...
You shouldn't have...
touched that child.
He's Jo Hang Joon's son.
What a coincidence.
I guess...
I have become a politician already.
My opponent's biggest weakness...
is so visible.
If you ever...
touch Joon Soo again...
Then...
what about Ji An?
The person who's putting them all in danger.
It's not me.
Detective Cha.
If you keep this up,
I will make you disappear.
Director Tak.
I will get you myself.
Why won't you submit that lighter as evidence?
I'm wondering if what you have is an empty shell too.
I was going to do just that.
- Ji An. - Is it true?
- What are you talking about? - The accident 16 years ago.
Did your dad rig the case?
Did he kill the witness and...
the lead detective?
- Ji An, that's... - My dad too.
Did he do it?
What?
Did you know?
- Song Ji An. - You're a prosecutor.
I'm giving you a chance.
Your dad failed to do so,
but now, you have a chance to right the wrong.
I hope you justify your prosecutor badge.
- Jae Hee. - Father.
Ji An's father...
Was that you too?
Can't you be more understanding?
If this blows over,
I will become a truly great politician.
I have yet to create...
the nation I dreamed of.
Soo A.
Cut the ropes that are binding her.
Hello?
I'm at war with Director Tak.
- Are you ready? - I'm ready to fight.
Director Tak.
He doesn't know his voice on this is damaged.
The longer we stall, the higher the risk.
He's already catching on.
Captain, please arrange to brief the press.
As if there's something incredible on this lighter.
Are you saying he'll do something...
to retrieve the lighter?
Do you think he'll use Soo A?
Director Tak...
is a seasoned and cunning pro.
So I'll set a trap.
And the bait?
Sir.
The Jin Soo A case.
I want it.
- That's her. - She's here.
Any comments?
- Do you accept the charges? - Did you do it?
- Did you? - Any comments?
Say something.
Did you do it?
- Answer us. - Was it personal?
How do you feel?
- Do you have anything to say? - Do you?
- Say something. - Do you admit to it?
Give us an answer.
Jin Soo A's heading to the Prosecutors' Office.
(On Official Duty)
Do Kki, take the side road, all right?
Yes, boss.
- I'm fine. - Are you all right?
Hello? We found nothing.
What next?
Let's go out. He lost them.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
Director Tak is an expert.
It won't be easy to fool him.
We need to be thorough.
Jin Soo A isn't here.
(Director of Prosecutors Tak Jung Hwan)
We were lucky.
It's a relief that you didn't do anything illegal.
If she finds the lighter,
everything will be over.
Yes.
At 3pm tomorrow,
there will be a progress report on the investigation of the murderer...
who is responsible for Detective Jo's murder case.
The culprit has run away. Have you found other evidence?
We have important information on the person...
who has been hiding...
the culprit all along.
He'll probably be pressured.
Don't search for her. I won't allow an open investigation.
I'm in charge of the case! Do as I say!
Then the prosecutor will do as his father says.
But one person won't because Director Tak...
would've asked her to do one last job.
We'll...
let everyone in Korea know about this.
You choose.
But...
Whom was he ordering to kill?
Cha Dong Tak.
His name is Gong Soo Chang.
He even hired a private guard to guard his hospital room.
They're really close.
Bring me the person who is the most important...
to Cha Dong Tak.
If you want to save your friend,
bring me the real lighter.
(Last Episode will air shortly.)